♪ MTV ♪
[honking]
[crickets chirping]
[horse chuffs]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
[indistinct radio chatter]
[officer]
Whoa, slow down, slow down.
[line ringing]
[indistinct chatter]
[helicopter blades whirring]
What happened?
That's my father.
We can't have anyone
on the inside of the house
until detectives
give us approval.
Why are there detectives
in the house?
Why?
[line ringing]
Answer.
Why won't you answer?
Is this a crime scene?
Is that what you're saying?
I don't have any information,
ma'am, I'm sorry.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry.
No!
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
- Kayce.
- What do you know?
I know nothing.
But I know he's gone.
Well, if you know nothing,
how do you know that?
I know. I know.
No, no, you fear it.
There's a difference. Come on.
- [officer] The incident scene--
- The fuck out of my way.
We got family members
entering the residence.
[camera shutter clicking]
Here.
Kayce.
Where?
You don't want to see this.
Show me.
Come on.
♪ mournful music ♪
♪
What?
What happened to him?
Let's go downstairs.
[whimpering]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Mm.
[crying softly]
[panting]
[sobbing quietly]
[sobbing continues]
[grunts]
It was Jamie.
- Not here.
- I know he did it.
Mm-mmm.
I've seen him do it.
We'll talk at the ranch, okay?
You leave your car,
you ride with me.
- Okay?
- [whimpers]
[clears throat]
[indistinct chatter]
While no statement has been made
from the governor's office
and state police
refuse to comment,
it's clear
by the family's reaction
that some sort of tragedy
has taken place.
To recap, day one of the
governor's impeachment hearing
was set to begin at 8:00
this morning.
Now, the governor failed
to appear at that hearing.
A state trooper on scene
reported hearing a gunshot
coming from the residence.
Now it's well past 10:00 a.m.
and while we still
have no answers,
the grim reality is that...
I don't even want to say it.
[anchorman]
We, of course, hope the best
for the governor
and for his family,
but it appears
more and more likely
that the 26th governor
of Montana has died.
[remote clatters on table]
[phone vibrates]
[sighs]
Yeah?
[man]
We have a time.
Okay.
3:53 a.m.
3:53.
Correct.
We have a confirmed COD,
10-56.
Do you copy? 10-56?
[sighs]
[sniffles]
Copy.
[knocking]
Come in.
They're ready.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
What do you know?
I can't-- I can't--
I can't say it.
I can't say it out loud.
For some reason, I can't get
the fucking words to form.
Wh-Whisper it, then.
Whisper it.
[whispering indistinctly]
Don't tell them that.
I won't.
[sniffles]
Jamie.
Do you believe it?
I don't know
what to believe anymore.
[camera shutters clicking]
[quiet, indistinct chatter]
[clears throat]
I-It is my duty,
as attorney general...
...to inform you
and the people
of the great state of Montana...
...that the 26th governor...
the tw...
My father...
The 26th... the go...
I'm sorry.
- I'm sorry, I need--
- [radio clicks off]
Pull over.
Pull over. I need
out of this fucking truck.
♪ mournful music ♪
♪
[crying]
Suicide?
Not only did Jamie
kill the man...
...he killed everything
our father's ever done.
Everything he's achieved.
Everything he left to us.
Every memory.
He's just killed 'em all.
I don't think
he's capable of it, Beth.
You don't want to think it.
I know what he's capable of.
I've seen it.
I need my husband.
[clicks tongue]
- [phone vibrates]
- Hyah! Get!
- [cattle lowing]
- [man whistles]
You're the first good thing
that's happened to me today.
They killed him, baby.
They fucking killed him.
Who got killed, Beth?
My daddy.
He killed my daddy.
Baby, I need you
to come home now, please.
Yeah, I'm on my way.
Fuck.
Hey, Ryan.
Something happened.
You're wagon boss. You listen
- to everything he says.
- Yes, sir.
Jake, get the gate.
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
♪
♪ "How Long" by Flatland Cavalry
and Kaitlin Butts ♪
♪ Moving on's
the hardest thing ♪
♪ I've ever had to do ♪
♪ These days I can't stand
to look in the mirror ♪
♪ To know
you're being loved on ♪
♪ From some other's
point of view ♪
♪ Makes a light in my eyes ♪
♪ Shine dimmer ♪
♪ Wondering ♪
♪ How long, how long ♪
♪ Is it gonna take? ♪
♪ Does a heart ♪
♪ Break? ♪
♪ How long, how long ♪
♪ Does a heart ♪
♪ Break? ♪
Guys, smile.
[boy]
Can we pet them?
Uh, they're not ours
to pet, honey, okay?
You want to pet 'em?
Come on.
You mind if I pick your boy up?
Ready? [grunts]
I'm gonna show you
a little trick.
It'll let you know
right off the bat
whether you can
trust a horse, okay?
See this?
Now you know you can trust him?
Well, now I know he trusts me,
which means that
I can trust him, too.
You're a cowboy?
I am.
Told you cowboys were real.
She didn't think there
was such a thing as cowboys.
Well, there
might not be someday.
There you go.
Does she want to pet 'em?
You sure?
- Thank you.
- Yes, ma'am.
Hey, you think we could get
a picture with the horses?
No.
Oh, you just let
that kid pet him.
Yep.
Why not us?
You do it once,
you're being nice.
You do it a second time,
and you're a petting zoo.
This ain't
no fucking petting zoo.
You want to pet a horse,
go buy one.
♪ uplifting music ♪
♪
[horn honks]
Most common way that
fires start on a roadway
is discarded cigarettes.
You don't say.
There's no smoking
on this detail.
So extinguish that,
and do it safely.
[liquid sloshing]
My master's degree hard at work.
No more smoking.
[lighter sparks]
How many hours you got left?
Eighteen.
Let's say we call it even
after today.
You got a deal, buddy.
If the median catches fire,
I'm arresting you for arson.
I'll keep that in mind.
[phone vibrates]
Hey, sweetheart.
How's Texas?
I don't know.
We ain't there yet.
You've been gone two days.
Yeah, well,
it's been slow rolling.
Pulling horses.
Besides, Texas--
halfway across the world.
Not really, but it's cute
you think it is.
Well, it's too far from you.
I know that.
Well, I got some good news.
I finished
my community service early,
so...
- I can come visit.
- Um...
let me see which way is up
around here first, okay?
Hey.
I went to jail for you.
Now I'm picking up trash
for you.
When I'm done
picking up trash for you
I'm gonna fly down there
and I'm gonna fuck you
like I won you
in the state fair.
What part of that
do you have a problem with?
Yes, every word.
She is the perfect woman.
You know, I'm stuffed in a truck
with a bunch of cowboys, honey.
Let me call you later tonight,
all right?
I'm booking a flight.
Don't argue.
♪ pensive music ♪
♪
Why doesn't the ranch
use this anymore?
My grandfather sold
the forest service lease,
so it's pretty locked off
from the rest of the ranch.
We used to have
a camp man out here,
but it's too dry
this side to run many cattle,
and wolves and bears are
pretty hard on the calves
up high.
Pretty far from
everything out here.
That's my favorite thing
about it.
All this room needs
is a little paint.
A stove wouldn't hurt.
And a stove.
Fridge would be nice.
[chuckles]
It'll be work, but...
what isn't?
- I'm gonna go look upstairs.
- Okay.
You gonna come
check out the inside?
What for?
She's just gonna change it.
Hope you've been
saving those paychecks.
[chuckles]
[elk calling]
That's a good sign.
Yep.
♪ pensive music ♪
♪
Well, what's the verdict?
You mean we get a vote?
Yeah, of course you get a vote.
Hers is the only one
that matters,
but we still get one.
Hey.
I love it.
I love it here, too.
What do you think, baby?
Think it's where
we're supposed to be.
Mom, gross.
Stop using your tongue.
There's a child present.
You got a driver's license, son.
It's time you learn
about these things.
I mean, yeah, but, like,
maybe online or something.
Not like that.
Online.
♪ urgent music ♪
♪
[lock beeps]
[sighs]
- [lock beeps]
- [door opens]
[door closes]
[woman clears throat]
Ms. Atwood,
stand for me, please.
Place all jewelry,
keys, cell phone,
purse and shoes in the box,
please.
- Earrings?
- Please.
Open your mouth, please.
Have a seat.
[clears throat]
Excuse me.
This way, please.
♪
[giggles]
It's just ticklish.
Apologies.
What exactly do you expect
to find in there?
Audio recording devices,
location beacons.
After the meeting,
I'll return these things to you.
Sure.
[door closes]
[lock beeps]
Good afternoon, Sarah.
Pleasure to meet you.
My name's Grant.
I highly doubt that.
Well, it's Grant to you.
This is from surveillance video
we obtained from the home
of the Montana attorney general.
[panting, moaning]
When did you bug his house?
Before we take on
any assignment,
we make certain
to protect ourselves
from the client's
lack of resolve or discipline.
It obviously creates a conflict
for the attorney general,
having a sexual relationship
with counsel for the company
that is both suing the state,
as well as the greatest
beneficiary of this impeachment.
[Sarah squeals on video]
Should we watch the whole thing?
[Sarah panting on video]
[playback stops]
Have I proved my point?
If anything leaks
or evidence
leads back to us in any way,
you will make it look
as if we committed the murder.
You are committing the murder.
Your presence here
is committing the murder.
And we provide
logistical solutions
to conflicts you do not have
the capacity
to resolve on your own.
It's not the axe
that chops the tree,
it's the man who desires
the tree to be chopped.
And whether that man
chops it himself
or hires others,
the result is the same.
And it all begins
with one person's desire.
You have a desire.
Do you have
a logistical solution
for the conflict that we lack
the ability to resolve?
We think we do.
Do you care to share?
Typically,
the less you know, the better.
Uh, in this case, however,
you'll have a role
in how this goes, postmortem.
Okay.
Now, looking over his file,
it seems Mr. Dutton
has amassed a fairly
long list of individuals
who likely share your desire.
- [chuckles]
- However,
there's too many variables
in hinting this was
done by another player,
so we think
suicide is the cleanest.
Suicide.
John Dutton is
the opposite of a quitter,
and he has no history
of mental health issues,
no history of
drug or alcohol abuse.
We take care of all that.
Okay, there'll be all
the physical evidence present
to support
an erratic mental state.
Can't you just mimic,
like, a heart attack?
We could.
And now we're relying
on a medical examiner
to do an autopsy, a toxicology.
There's just too many risks of
the triggering agent
being discovered.
Suicide offers
the highest reward
and the lowest risk
in this circumstance.
And in most circumstances,
actually, it's, uh...
it's our preferred
staging of a scene.
Okay.
Well, it seems
your wire's cleared.
Only thing I need from you is...
permission to execute.
You'll need to say it.
[short chuckle]
You have my permission
to execute.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ atmospheric music ♪
♪
Hey, bud, we're about
to pull through the gate.
Where do you want us?
Look, I ain't there, man.
I'm in Weatherford.
We're getting ready
for this derby.
But I got you covered.
Kory Pounds is there.
Just head past the headquarters
around to the right
till you run into cows
and a whole
- pile of cowboys, all right?
- All right.
[Travis] All right, partner,
we'll talk to you.
[cattle lowing]
♪
- Say, Kory.
- You brought Arkansas with you.
I ain't from fucking Arkansas.
You need to stop
hanging out with Travis.
Goddamn, the air
is thick down here.
Yeah, we like to call it oxygen.
We're not in the mountains
anymore, old cowboy.
Well, you can keep your oxygen
and we'll keep our rain.
Never heard of it.
Oh, it's water that falls
from the sky, Kory.
Well, now you're
just making shit up.
Look, I hate that we
had to send 'em down here
before we hit the road.
Look, we all do it for a living.
I've got your pastures
- to the south.
- Okay.
I will say you're gonna get
real tired of those teepees.
There's motels
not ten miles from here.
No, the ground is free.
We're trying to cut
every corner we can.
Well, a 20-mile-an-hour wind
means the wind
isn't blowing here.
I just want you
to know I warned you.
They got you pretty damn good
mounting on them, don't they?
Well, life's too short
to ride bad horses.
Yes, sir.
Let's go to work.
♪ upbeat music ♪
♪
[whistles]
Ho, mama!
Hup, hup!
[vocalizing]
[cowboy shouting]
[whistling]
[vocalizing]
Travis give you the day off?
Well, technically,
he fired me, but...
fires me a couple
of times a week, so...
Actually, h-he
told me to tell you
- to go fuck yourself.
- [laughs]
Well, you tell
that son of a bitch
thanks for bringing the crew.
- Yeah.
- It's good seeing you, Jimmy.
Good to see you, sir.
Look who it is. This ranch
must have one of those
"hire the handicapped" programs.
Can't say that, Jake.
Gotta say something like
"employment for the disabled."
What if it's
a mental disability?
Not a disability.
It's a challenge.
Mentally challenged.
And that is a pretty fair
description of him.
But if he's stupid, hell,
we can still call him stupid.
You can, as long as you apply it
directly to Jimmy.
Anyone else and you're
getting into some stormy waters.
Would you two
stupid motherfuckers shut up?
Y'all are fucking
embarrassing yourselves.
- We're embarrassing ourselves?
- [Teeter] Yes.
Okay, record your voice one day
and then listen back to it.
- Wait till you hear me sing.
- [chuckles]
♪ pastoral music ♪
♪
You can use those pens
for your horses.
I'll bring some hay up.
Listen, I want you
to keep track of everything
that we use,
and you charge me for it.
I think we can
spare a little hay.
Nah, this ain't
nobody's hobby, Dusty.
You can charge us.
The bunkhouse is open.
Y'all are gonna get real tired
of those teepees.
We'll be good.
I'd take him up
on that bunkhouse.
Nah, I'll stay
with the herd, Kory.
So, is there anything else
I need to worry about out here?
- Fire.
- What about snakes?
Well, snakes'll worry
the shit out of you,
but they won't mess
with your cattle.
You're a long way
from Weatherford.
Well, when Travis asks
for a favor, we go do 'em.
Well, you do me a favor-- tell
them thank you for me, will you?
Yes, sir, I will.
They didn't bring
your trailer up here, I see.
Well, there's still some
silly to run out of this one.
If he comes back without me,
come a-running.
Saw a dragonfly out there
about as big as my fucking head.
Yeah, they're pretty big.
They say out here "big enough
to fuck a turkey flat-footed."
[laughs]
Wait, what does that mean?
Jimmy.
You're missing your ride.
Oh, no, sir.
I came with Kory Pounds.
No shit.
Your ride is leaving.
- Oh, f...
- [Rip] God's sakes.
Fuck.
- [chuckles]
- Sprinkle some ándale on it.
- [Teeter] Oh, he's doing okay.
- [Walker] Hope you can haul ass.
[Teeter]
Oh, shit. [laughs]
They grow up so fast.
You got to cherish the moments
when they're young.
Capture every milestone.
Lots of pictures.
Y'all are so gay.
Oh, you can't
say that anymore, T.
No, fuck I can't.
Hell, if a gay man
was standing here,
he'd tell you how gay y'all are.
If a gay hairdresser
from fucking Santa Monica
was standing here
holding a fucking Chihuahua,
he'd tell you you're the gayest
motherfuckers he's ever met.
Teeter?
Yes, sir?
We're gonna play a little game.
It's called no one talks
for a week.
Won't that be fun?
Y-Yes, sir.
Not a fucking word.
Jake, Walker,
unhook that trailer.
You got that list?
Can't trust fire
out here in this wind.
I don't trust steaks
in those coolers, either.
- Yeah.
- 85 degrees just last night.
What's the Vaseline for, Gator?
It's lonely up here.
♪ tranquil music ♪
♪
- We good, Jake?
- Yes, sir.
[grunts quietly]
[engine starts]
Them teepees ain't gonna
set up themselves.
No, they ain't.
[Walker]
Y'all think about this, boys.
Quanah Parker
rode right through here.
I mean, right here.
He dropped down
the Palo Dura Canyon,
come up the Llano Estacado.
Be the damn cavalry
running in circles.
Hell, I bet those pioneers
out here got lost in circles.
'Cause they'd have died
of thirst or just went mad.
Them Rocky Mountains
may be cruel.
This land don't care enough
about you to be cruel.
It'd just forget you.
Forget you till you disappear.
♪ quiet, tense music ♪
♪
[engine shuts off]
How do they run a pipeline
under the lake?
Drill under it somehow, I guess.
I wonder how often they burst.
[Mo]
Big one blew in Alabama in 2016.
Been a couple in California.
One burst earlier
in Las Vegas this year.
I know about the ones
they can't hide.
Just wondering
about the ones they can.
If their pipeline
explodes on us,
poisons our water,
who will know?
- Who tells the world?
- We tell the world.
World doesn't listen to us, Mo.
This...
is the hill we die on.
Right here.
I'm ready.
[neighing]
[Lloyd grunts]
Seems pretty mad.
This son of a bitch
needs to lose his balls.
Bad colt makes a mean stallion.
Keep your eyes on this one, son.
You think they made it
to Texas yet?
Oh, yeah, they made it.
[Carter]
What are we supposed to do
without any cattle
to look after?
Just work these young ones.
You can come work
the fence with us.
Uh, I think I'd rather
help Lloyd with the colts.
Oh, you thought
that was a question.
Get your ass in the truck.
You're working fences today.
You got something to do now,
ain't you, pup?
Shouldn't have opened
my big mouth.
[chuckles]
You know, we still got pairs
east of the river.
Yeah, we'll bring 'em down
in October.
Boy's right.
Really ain't much for us to do,
and they got their hands full
down south.
It ain't up to me to decide
where cowboys go.
[phone vibrates]
Hey, how's life as a Texican?
- Oh, it's windy.
- Well, there ain't no trees
or anything to block
the wind down there.
You get through Pampa,
I got a Klapper 27 bit
needs picked up there.
Well, I'm in Pampa.
I'll pick it up.
How's everything at home?
Eh, quiet.
Boys are already bored.
Well, there's plenty
of work to be done.
Yeah, not much
cowboy work, though.
I expect this whorl
to get a new coat of paint
and all the tack'll
be clean and shiny
by the time y'all get back.
You know, I could send you
a couple more guys.
Two cowboys can run this here.
No, I need people there.
Keep the wolves away.
We ain't been seeing no wolves.
[short chuckle] Talking about
the two-legged kind.
My wife's in the big house
all alone.
Yeah, well, we're
keeping the gate locked
and the lights on, boss.
Well, I appreciate it, bud.
I'll pick your bit up.
Bye.
♪ contemplative music ♪
♪
[saw whirring]
[Rip]
Afternoon.
- Not taking any more orders.
- I'm here
to pick up a 27
for Lloyd Bridger.
Montana cowboy?
[metal clinking]
Hm.
He ordered them 15 years ago.
[Rip grunts quietly]
You know,
I couldn't help but, uh,
notice that
they're all one piece.
Yes, sir.
I didn't know people made 'em
like that anymore.
I think there might be a few,
but very few.
Well, uh,
if you're ever taking orders,
I sure would love a pair.
Go ahead and take 'em.
- You sure?
- You brought that herd
down from Dixon Creek?
Yes, sir.
You're gonna need them
more than that cattle did.
I might give another pair.
[Rip]
Well...
how much, uh, do I owe you?
Just don't worry about it.
♪ thoughtful music ♪
Well, I appreciate it.
♪
You have a good one, now.
You do the same.
[truck door opens]
How are you, Dusty?
Good to see you
You too.
Which one is that there?
That's Cat's Picasso.
Came down from Canada.
Heart in that son of a gun.
- Oh, and damn pretty, too, huh?
- Yes, sir.
- Got you some Klappers?
- Yeah.
Makes 'em out of
one piece of steel.
I hadn't seen that in 30 years.
Yes, sir.
When he's gone,
we're all out of legends.
With nobody trying
to be the next one.
♪ wistful music ♪
♪
[insects chirping]
[Ryan]
Never camped without a fire.
[Jake] Yeah, well,
we start one out here,
we'll set the whole damn
county on fire.
I know that, Jake,
I'm just saying... Ow!
Ow... What the fuck?
What the fuck is that?
[Teeter]
Oh, shit.
[Ryan exhales]
- Does that hurt?
- Fuck, yeah, it fucking hurts.
That's a little "welcome
to Texas" for you right there.
- That's what that is.
- [Rip] Ryan.
Put that on there.
It'll numb it.
[sighs]
Does it work?
Yeah.
- What do y'all want to hear?
- [Teeter] Nothing sad.
- Nothing about lost love.
- [Rip] No, don't play
anything about love at all.
[Jake]
That's why I stay single.
He can sing whatever
the hell he wants.
- It ain't gonna bother me none.
- [Walker] Even if it's about
a lazy cowboy can't rope?
- [laughing]
- [Jake] Hell y'all
picking on me for?
[Ryan] Yeah, Walker, play
that one, play the Jake song.
[Walker]
All right.
You know,
in 30 years from now...
...nobody's gonna be doing this.
Nobody.
All this country you see
will be wind farms
and solar farms and we'll be
getting our beef from Brazil.
After they burn off
the rainforest.
Walker?
Go on and play us a sad song.
[guitar playing]
♪ The cowboys were here ♪
♪ And one day they're gone
♪ Nothing left but an airport
♪ Sleeping on the graves
of Indian bones ♪
♪ On the graves
♪ tense music ♪
♪
[insects chirping]
[keys jingling]
[inhales sharply]
[grunts softly]
[panting]
[groans]
[footsteps approaching]
Well, this is not
the reaction I was expecting.
You didn't...
Oh, sweetheart.
[chuckles softly]
We discussed this
and you said, "Go forward."
This was you?
This is what you said
that you wanted.
I said it. I didn't...
And then...
and then we never
discussed it again.
Why would we?
[chuckles] Wh...
What would there be to discuss?
Who are all these tears for?
[stammers softly]
For me.
They're for me.
My father, his legacy,
my political future--
all took a fucking bullet
to the brain.
[sniffles]
I thought he did it
because of me.
And the hearing.
Jamie.
Just stop it.
This is your subconscious
desperately trying
to protect you,
- but there's no need.
- [glass clinks]
You are protected.
You are completely
shielded from this.
I know that the finality of it
is traumatic,
but I need you to focus
on a world without him.
On a world that you govern,
you control.
Do not mourn
a 68-year-old man
that never loved you.
He abandoned you,
emotionally and financially,
yet you still succeeded.
You overcame
every single obstacle
that he put before you.
You won.
[chuckles softly]
Look at me.
[sniffles]
Lions don't die of old age.
Lions die in the jaws
of younger lions,
and you are the younger lion.
This is your kingdom now.
[sniffles]
Thank you.
This is the trust.
Tate is beneficiary.
And you are now the executor.
What about the inheritance tax?
No, we don't pay it
on the principal,
just the income
from the principal.
But, uh...
at both the state
and the IRS, they will argue
that unrealized gains
are income, but...
our bigger problem
is Jamie seeking to revoke
the conservation easement,
which he will start tomorrow.
I don't believe that our father
would commit suicide.
He didn't.
Is this Jamie?
I also don't see
how it was Jamie.
I don't see how he could do it.
That gutless piece of shit
can't do anything on his own.
Anything, but...
he sure as hell
found somebody who could.
There's cameras in that house
and on the street.
Mm.
Why don't you
call the state police?
Kayce, call 'em.
Ask 'em what they saw
on those cameras.
I don't have any authority
with the state police.
You are
the fucking state police.
The livestock commission--
it's a branch, Kayce.
Call them.
Ask them.
Ask them for some
departmental cooperation,
for God's sake.
I mean, he's your father.
Put it on speaker.
[line ringing]
[receptionist]
Sergeant's desk.
Who's the lead
on Governor Dutton?
McIntosh and Dillard.
- Who's on now?
- Dillard.
Can you connect me, please?
This is Commissioner Dutton.
Yeah, I'll put you through.
Real sorry.
Thank you.
[Dillard] Uh, this is Dillard.
Commissioner,
we are all real sorry over here.
Is the COD official?
I'm afraid it is.
There were powder burns
on his hand,
prints on the pistol
registered to him.
And you watched it
on surveillance?
We don't have
the surveillance footage.
The transponder went down
around 3:50.
Knocked out power
to three city blocks.
Neighborhood never knew
'cause, uh, Northwestern
had it up and running
by 5:18.
And what's the official
time of death?
M.E. called it at 3:53.
Okay.
It's not something
you'd want to see
even if we had it, Kayce.
All right.
Thank you.
♪ somber music ♪
Well, isn't that convenient?
♪
Jamie doesn't even
have the contacts.
The $80 billion dollar company
our father ran
out of Montana sure does.
All he had to do was want it.
[sniffles]
Go look him in the eye
if you have to, Kacey.
Look him in the eye.
Then come home and help me
decide how to kill him.
[vehicle approaching]
[gasps softly]
[panting]
[sobbing]
[wailing]
[screaming]
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪